### Algorithms Project: Jeweler Profit Optimization Problem

Programming project for Algorithms course (CS 6363) by Balaji Raghavachari (Spring 2018).

#### Problem Statement
A jeweler has G units of gold, and has signed contracts to make $n$ jewelery items, $j_1 \cdots j_n$. The following are the conditions, $i = 1 \cdots n$.

- Item $j_i$ requires $w_i$ units of gold to make, and generates a profit of $p_i$ per unit sold. The agreement is to supply a minimum quantity of $n_i$, and a maximum quantity of $x_i$.
- Additional quantities of $j_i$, beyond $x_i$ can't be sold and don't generate any profit.
- Not meeting the minimum quantities promised in the contract triggers penalty fines. For $j_i$, if the quantity supplied $(q_i)$ is below $n_i$, then the jeweler has to pay a fine of $f_i$ for each unit below the minimum, with a cap of total fine of $c_i$, i.e. when $q_i < n_i$, fine for $j_i$ is calculated as $\min(f_i \cdot (n_i-q_i), c_i)$.

Write a recurrence for the problem of optimizing the net profit (total profit generated by items supplied minus the fines paid), and the number of different optimal solutions that are possible. Prove the correctness of these recurrences. Write a dynamic program corresponding to these recurrences. Write a program that implements the DP.

**Input specification:** If no command line parameter is supplied, or the first parameter is '-', the input is read from the console. Otherwise, the first parameter is used as the name of a file that has the input. The first two numbers in the input are $G$ and $n$. The next $n$ lines of the input have 7 integers each: $i, w_i , p_i , n_i , x_i , f_i , c_i$ . If there are additional lines in the input, ignore them.

**Output specification:** Normally the program prints just 2 numbers in the output: maximum net profit, and the number of optimal solutions. If there is a second command line parameter, whose value is greater than 0, then the list of distinct optimal solutions are enumerated, one per line. Do not print any other captions or unnecessary output.